
## Stakeholder Circle Meeting, Tuesday, January 12, 2021, 5:30 pm ET

**Agenda**

- Team introductions
- Attendee introductions
- Demo new features
- Q&A
- Close and next steps

**Attendees**

- Josh Graves (Rfg, PM)
- Gia Coelho (Rfg, PM)
- Rachel Alston, PDX Diaper Bank

**Current Items**

- **DIAPER**: Add total item count in the `view` page, for the page for each distribution (a column that shows the total item count) - [issue created](https://github.com/rubyforgood/diaper/issues/2066).
- **DIAPER**: Get the total number of children/individuals served - [issue created](https://github.com/rubyforgood/diaper/issues/2073).
- **DIAPER**: Have the ability to get information on how many individuals a partner served, or fill it out before being able to do another order? 
- **DIAPER**: Monthly Quota; we need language to explain what a quota is and what it's referring to so it's easier for users to understand - should be renamed `request limit` - on the diaper side it is called `request limit`under `Requests`, but when you edit/set-up a new partner agency, the field is called `quota` - is it the same thing? What does it mean? 
- **DIAPER**: Created discussion on `tiers`, initiated conversation with core team.
- **PARTNER**: Impact stories from partners - verfiy if the code exists and is ready for release?

**Meeting Notes**

- Meagan: asked for a demo on how to use the "kits" function? 
- Meagan: her partner agency received an email to join, and they lost it, so she wanted to know how to set up the new partner? -- Sean suggested that to set up the partner, go to PartnerBase, click on - add or remind partner - and enter their email address again. Or, go to Partnerbase.com, and enter their email and request a password reset. 
- Rachel: recommended that instead of calling the button “Add or Remind Partner” to instead change the button to “Add Additional User,” and to add a second button called “Reset Password.”
- Kelly: requested that we create a way to display all current users within a specific partner agency. 
- Kelly: Items and Inventory (for example, update record for Kids 1), distribution quantity field (only affects the individual quantity type of request) - what does on hand min qty (when you create the distribution, if the number falls below this qty, it creates an error message) and on hand recommended qty mean?
- Kelly: which fields on the back end connect with the partner agencies 3 methods of creating requests connect with the field in the Diaper app
Partner Groups: assign items and partners to certain groups, so the only thing visible to partners is what is in their group.

**Action Items**

- **EDWIN**: Lorem ipsum 
- **JOSH**: Lorem ipsum 
- **GIA**: Lorem ipsum 
