
## Stakeholder Circle Meeting Agenda, Tuesday, January 12, 2021, 5:30 pm ET

- Team introductions
- Attendee introductions
- Demo new features
- Q&A
- Close and next steps

**Attendees**

- Josh Graves (Rfg, PM)
- Gia Coelho (Rfg, PM)
- Rachel Alston, PDX Diaper Bank

**CUrrent Items**

- Add total item count in the `view` page, for the page for each distribution (a column that shows the total item count)
- Get the total number of children/individuals served
- Have the ability to get information on how many individuals a partner served, or fill it out before being able to do another order. Figure out how many impact statements we have.
- Impact data is important. How and what do they come out?
- Monthly Quota
- Supply chain control


**Sending out First Survey Notes**

- Gunner / Aspiration Tech - start with people (audiences), have questions / asks defined so the ask is clear
- Gunner - define goals before questions
- David - start with problem statements before questions
- Gunner - define boundaries of our scope. Mala - I think it should be bigger orgs that have their M&E processes and expertise in place. This project is to help MERL practitioners and technologists find common ground to effective evaluate and use open source.
- Gunner, Stephanie and David - let's start with 2-3 personas. Suggested: technologists (devs), program people, consultants /intermediaries.
- Stephanie - focus on data analysis and data viz

**Action Items**

- Mala to create project to track survey creation, testing and dissemination
- Gunner to work on call to actions to engage respondents 
- David to add resources to Wiki
- Mala to create two-factor enabled (if possible) Google sheet to track contacts
- Everyone to add comments / notes to issues, project, Read Me

