

## Stakeholder Circle Meeting, Tuesday, January 26, 2021, 5:30 pm ET

**Agenda**

- Team introductions
- Attendee introductions
- Demo new features
- Q&A
- Close and next steps

**Attendees**
1. Sean Marcia (RfG, Founder)
2. Gia Coelho (Rfg, PM)
3. Scott Steele (RfG, Project Lead)
4. Rachel Alston, PDX Diaper Bank, user since the beginning
5. Meagan Johnson, Milwaukee Diaper Bank, user since Sep 2020
6. Kelly Paparella, Ozarks Diaper Bank, user since February 2020
7. Anita Henky, Quincy Illinois, new user
8. Anne Komatsu, Hawaii, Aloha Diaper Bank, user for 2 years
9. Bridget Rundquit, Chicago IL, not a user
10. Crystal Parks, NE Florida, Jacksonville, user since Sep 2020
11. Jessica Rhymes, Chicago IL, not a user
12. Judi Meighen, Lauren, NJ, not yet a user
13. Leann POrter, Loving Bottoms, Porter, Illinois, user since Jan 2020
14. Lynn Comer, NDBN
15. Natalie Anderson, Orange County, almost a year
16. St Louis, user since 2014? And now using for period supplies
17. Laurel Seacrest, Sue Hagedorn, IL, user for a year
18. Angie Francis, Indiana


**Current Items**



**Meeting Notes**

- Partner Group Feature Feedback: 
 - Rachel: suggested that we have a checkbox for items, instead of picking one at a time from a dropdown menu.
 - Kelly: asked if we could build out functionality for the different partner groups, so that users are able to customize the reminder email dates, for partners to get a notification at different times for ordering and pick-ups, to avoid scheduling bottle-necks (since Ozarks serves 100 partner agencies). 
- - Laurel: supported this request and said that this feature would enable them to combine their two accounts (for diaper supplies and period supplies) into one account.
- Sue and Kelly: specify how many kids each partner agency serves (reporting functionality).
- Sue: distributions, click on view, it totals up dollars spent, but not the diaper quantity 
- Jessica: as a potential user, she wants to wait on the timeline on when the reporting functionality will be built out before moving forward and would like to have a meeting with the core team. 
- Judi: can the email that is sent out to the partners be edited? 
- Lee Ann Porter: show history for entries of when the kits were added to the database
- Natalie: can the inventory be tracked by case instead of by item (diaper)?
- Rachel: asked for any updates on the initial questions on the intake form for partners, discussed making it customizable for each partner individually; it currently is for the entire instance, but it is not customizable for each partner.


**Action Items**

- **GIA**: Lorem ipsum
- **JOSH**: Lorem ipsum

